Task:
Develop a computer board game for up to 6 players, with a customizable board size. Players are identified by a color and have a coin count that increases on normal squares. Player movement is by the sum of two dice. A double roll grants a bonus turn. Players can be of three types: lucky (dice sum >= 7), unlucky (dice sum <= 6), or normal. The game must have at least two different player types. The board's squares are of different types: Simple (no rule), Surprise (changes player type), Prison (miss a turn), Lucky (move forward 3 spaces, unless unlucky), Unlucky (move back 3, unless lucky), Reverse (swap with the last player, unless already last), and PlayAgain (extra turn). Allow the user to choose players and customize the board size and square types. The first player to reach or pass the final square wins. Each turn, display player positions, whose turn it is, and the dice sum. Show messages when a player lands on a special square. At the end, display the winner, total moves, and final positions for each player. Include a debug mode where the user can input the destination square instead of rolling dice. The implementation must use a Game class as a facade for setup and start. Do this in Java

Config:
ChatEnvConfig.with_memory: False
ChatEnvConfig.clear_structure: True
ChatEnvConfig.git_management: False
ChatEnvConfig.gui_design: True
ChatEnvConfig.incremental_develop: False
ChatEnvConfig.background_prompt: ChatDev is a software company powered by multiple intelligent agents, such as chief executive officer, chief human resources officer, chief product officer, chief technology officer, etc, with a multi-agent organizational structure and the mission of 'changing the digital world through programming'.


Roster:
Chief Executive Officer, Counselor, Chief Human Resource Officer, Chief Product Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Programmer, Code Reviewer, Software Test Engineer, Chief Creative Officer

Modality:
application

Ideas:


Language:
 Java

Code_Version:
1.0

Proposed_images:
0

Incorporated_images:
0

