Task:
[In one conversational session, act like the multi-agent ChatDev company and execute the following six natural-language operations sequentially and incrementally (i.e., do not throw away the project and regenerate everything after each step  preserve state and extend the system): Create a Student entity with attributes: id (int/PK), name (string). Add an email field to Student. Create a Course entity with attributes: id, title, and level. Create an enrollment relationship so Student can enroll in Course (many-to-many or explicit enrollment table) and expose CRUD endpoints for this. Create a Teacher entity with attributes: id, name, and department. Create a relationship between Teacher and Course (teacher teaches course) and expose CRUD endpoints. Implementation requirements: Use Python 3.11, FastAPI for the backend, Pydantic models, SQLite as the persistence layer, and a minimal Streamlit UI to inspect records (keep UI tiny  focus tokens on backend logic). Provide migration scripts or apply in-process migrations so updates happen without restarting the server. Commit files incrementally (simulate commits after each step). Do not add optional GUI features beyond the minimal Streamlit viewer. Include a small automated regression test / smoke test that performs basic CRUD checks for each entity.]

Config:
ChatEnvConfig.with_memory: False
ChatEnvConfig.clear_structure: True
ChatEnvConfig.git_management: False
ChatEnvConfig.gui_design: True
ChatEnvConfig.incremental_develop: False
ChatEnvConfig.background_prompt: ChatDev is a software company powered by multiple intelligent agents, such as chief executive officer, chief human resources officer, chief product officer, chief technology officer, etc, with a multi-agent organizational structure and the mission of 'changing the digital world through programming'.


Roster:
Chief Executive Officer, Counselor, Chief Human Resource Officer, Chief Product Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Programmer, Code Reviewer, Software Test Engineer, Chief Creative Officer

Modality:
application (python)

Ideas:


Language:
 Python

Code_Version:
8.0

Proposed_images:
0

Incorporated_images:
0

